Now, let's talk about AWS Compute Optimizer
which is used to reduce costs and improve performance
by recommending optimal AWS resources for your workloads.
So it's going to do an analysis
of your EC2 instances, your auto scaling groups,
and tell you, for example,
which one are over-provisioned or under provisioned
and then you can build your optimizations
and then you can have a better cost perspective
and also a better performance.
This way it does it is that it will use machine learning
under the hood to analyze your resource configuration
as well as track their CloudWatch metrics
to understand their utilization.
So supported resources by Compute Optimizer
are EC2 instances, auto scaling groups,
EBS volumes, Lambda functions.
And this allows you to lower your costs by up to 25%
without doing much
and the recommendations themselves
can be exported into Amazon S3.
So that's it, I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.